descp
Call to HH CM:  onsite for team meeting coordinated. Unaware of CT results 
Email to T. Potter to inqurie re call from MOM???  Also apprised of team meeting and would update 
Call to CM to confirm TC 
Onsite HHH 
VM and email to T Potter regarding update 
Indepth conversation with mom regarding IW status.  She spoke with Dr. Mohan, who apprised CT reamined with significant dilated ventricles.  Recommended proceed with VP shunt to determine if true hydrocephalus??  And was of understanding wait for a few weeks, not sure rationale.  Reported has been informed son with severe TBI, will remain severely disabled, but still opportunity for progress.  Wants to provide every chance to improve quality of life.  Has a great deal of stress between work, mother in law with recent stroke, concerns with husband as had heart attack two years ago, and trying to oversee son's care.   Disscussed Kessler and timing.  Agreed to proceed with tour next week, for PNM to arrange.  If recommends DC to SNF back to rquesting return home.  Subacutes long distance from home, and difficult for family to be there as long and often as need.  Feels can offer more stimulation and higher quality of care in the home.  Would consider Sub-acute if getting the rehab by higher quality proffesionals, but gaurded based on experience with HH.  Staying in bed with bedside therapy until approxiatmely 2pm.  Staffing issue.  Has continued to provide extensive research for rx for Rancho II-III TBI.  Eduation provided regarding experimental  versus scientific evidence based medicien, and verbalized understanding.  Stated would continue to fight and hope for higher quality of life for son, but did verbalize acknowlegement that perhaps would have to accept that her son may remain severly disabled.  Suport , education, and empathy offered 
Emaili back/forth  to T Potter with update and request for coordination of tour.  Scheudled for 2/12, 10:30am tentative.  To confirm with Mom. 
Update to PMT and to request MD:MD call to clarify status (see KC).  Email from DCS and recommended to call Dr. Adams as out of office and may not be able to receive email/VM 
Call to mom:  will talk with husband and confirm with me afteroon or am.  After mom an PNM requested am care and out of bed, was up early 2/7/13.  Mom reported reservoir flat versus swollen when up longer periods o f time 
Call to Dr. Adams office as his email indicated would not be able to receive email/VM, and to call Monique.  VM left 
Update adjustor/mcu nurse and forward PMT 
Review of TC notes and uploaded to ECL 
Call from Mom:  confirmed tour at Kessler 2/12.  Still not clear as to plan regarding VP shunt, sutures still in, reservoir no long bulging.  No change in status, but stable.   
Email to T. Potter to confirm tour. She  Reqeusted updated medicals 
Medicals faxed to T. Potter 
Email from Dr. Adams, has put call in to Dr. Mohan and Dr. Seliger/email returned with update regarding need for clarification of treatment for hydrocephalus and potential affect on transfer to Kessler if family in agreement to proceed and Kessler still willing to accept 
Email from Dr. Adams:  spoke with Dr. Mohan:  plans to proceed with VP shunt next week and likely be able to be DC to rehab end of week.  VP will need programing, but could be provided by another NS.  Dr. Mohan opined, Possible for further neuro improvement over the next several months but unlikely it would be significant.  Emails back/forth regarding appropriatness of Kessler, PMT agreed to proceed 
Onsite report from dictation 
Onssite WCMC 
Onsite report from dictation - kessler tour 
Letter drafted to Teddy Potter, Kessler 
Update to adjustor (see KC) 
Email to T. Potter thanking for time/tour 
Email from MCU nurse confirming in agreement with hotel/meal reimbursement if transferred to Kessler since COE/forward to PMT 
Call to HHH, L. Egenes:  requested copies of MD PR, labs past 48hr, dx, and current meds.  No change in status, VP shunt tentatively scheduled next week, but no confirmation.  Phone number provided for tech health for transport to WCMC 
Call from Mom:  pre-op called from WCMC, scheduled for 2/20 .  Admit on 2/19 for VP shunt.  Reported SPL was cut back to 1x/day 1/2 session.  Has made decision for transfer to Kessler post shunt!  PNM to discuss with  Teddi:  admit date, need for oniste  assessemnt, and be sure neurosugeon avail onsite, CT scan at St. Barnabus???     
VM left T Potter Kessler:  call returned.  Discussed family decision regarding transfer post VP shunt. Teddie will alert her onsite liaison nurse to do assessment post surgery.  PNM will facilitate referral by WCMC.  Will do a Thursday admit, do not like Friday, but would be willing to do so with Dr. Jasey approval.  Obtaining a neurosurgical consult at Kessler to follow programming shunt will not be an issue.  Off Monday, but will return Tuesday 
Call to Morga, Francine:  All PNM do is Email info@moragatravel.com.  Name dad + IW + dates + hotel info 
Call to Marriot, Meg Guiltan:  hotel is sold out until 2/27.  Availability after that 
Email to Moraga with request for hotel room 2/21-3/21, and apprised dates subject to change 
Update to adjustor/mcu nurse and forward PMT 
Email to/from Moraga travel re hotel dates:  has confirmation for 2/22/13 check in for 30 days.  No avail on 2/21 
Call to HHH:  spoke with Nurse Supervisor, Madeline.  Waiting for call from WCMC to confirm time for bed availability, and than will contact Tech health for tranporation 
Call to Tech Health:  referral received, waiting for pick up time.  Reviewed referral, instructed to contact Nurse supervisor for time 
Email back/forth mcu nurse regarding home modifications and timing 
Email from Dr. Adams re resource for TBI sub-acute in CA and NV.  Email returned and research for distance to/from Northeast Special Care and JFK johnson rehab (NE=1hr; JFK= 
Call from Mom:  IW was transported to WCMC this am, on 3rd floor,  362, surgery still planned for 2/20.  Continues to request discharge to Kessler.  Agrees with referral to Kessler + HHH in event Kessler does not accept.  Apprised hotel confirmed, requesting studio/bedroom set up with pull out.  May have to upgrade if not covered by Worker comp.  Father will plan to stay at Marriott, and mom will accompany on Firday-Monday.  IW stable at time of discharge.  Reported improved head control, continues to mangage secretions, inconsitent eye contact, minimal changes. 
Email to/from team and DCS L. Cervelli  regarding coma  stim 
Call to WCMC:  transferred to nursing station; Sue SlutzyCM, in ameeting.  VM left 
Call to Marriot Meg Guilitan, sales rep:  confirmed reservations, does have check in on 2/21, but will have to check out and move to smaller room on 2/22 with one queen vs two.  All rooms equipped with pullout bed, kitchenette, full size fridge, cooktop etc.  Breakfast each am, M-TU=Wed serve buffet dinner as well.  Can ask kitchen to save food if not make back by dinner 
Email update to Kessler, T. Potter regarding transfer to WCMC and request to CM for referral to Kessle 
Call from mom:  spoke with Dr. Mohan, CT be done this afternoon, signed double consent as may not be abel to use addominal cavity secondary to scar tissue from previous surgeries and will need to access chest.  DC earliest Friday, and likely Monday.  Discussed rehab choices, reqeustes referrals to both Kessler and HHH for back up.   
Email to Morago to apprise to cancel hotel room for 2/21.  Forward to PMT with update 
PRN/PNF for Marriott submitted 
Call to Mom:  IW in surgery, discussed MRI previously to assist in dx, opined thought first admit to WCMC.  Continues to request to proceed with Kessler. Call to S Slutsky , CM, at WCMC:  Updated regarding status, inquired rationale for family choice to Kessler vs HHH; education provided regarding philosophy of Kessler and model system.  Agreed to send referrals to both facilities.  PNM requested copies of medicals from last admit/discharge, stated did fax previously but would refax along with current medicals/diagnostics following current admit/discharge 
Call to Dr. Das:  out on vacation until 2/26, NP out until 2/26.  Transferred to Dr. Mohan secretary and requested return call to discuss prevous MRI's, degree of DAI,  and DC plan to Kessler 
Email to T.Potter to update and request call if no referral received by afternoon 
Email from/to Moraga travel to confirm cancellation for 2/21 check in.  PNM to keep him informed for 2/22.  Forward to PMT 
Call to Mom:  discussed DC plans, surgery, IW status.   Ventilated regarding frustration with care of son at WCMC and need to address nursing issues with urinary retention, hypertension, medications, etc.  Great deal of support, education, encourgaement offered.  Discussed hotel arrangements 
VM left CM 
Call returned:  Kessler liaison was out, assessment completed, IW accepted.  Plan to discharge Monday/Tuesday.  IW recovering from surgery w/o complications to date.  Transportation discussed, contact information provided for Tech Health 
VM T potter 
Call from T. Potter:  IW accepted, prefer not to transfer on Friday secondary level of consciousness and recent surgery.  Attending would not be able to provide assessment, and no therapy assess untl Monday.  Concerned needs close attention so post-op and with hx, bed available for Monday 
Call to tech health:  coordinated transportation ALS to Kessler for 2/25:  deferred time and provided contact info for S. Slutsky 
Call to Mom:  updated regarding acceptance Kessler, DC date, transpsrotaion etc.   
Call from Mom:  Dr. Mohan plans to obtain CT in am, if no issues plan to DC on Friday 2/22!  Concerned that wilil have to go bacck to HHH as no bed at Kessler.  PNM provided assurance and support and would contact Cm in am to discuss fruther.  Onsite at WCMC discussed and to apprise Dad that PNM would be at WCMC in afternoon 
VM left for CM 
Call to CM WCMC:  discussed d/c plans, to have CAT today, would not be able to be transferred before 2pm at earliset. PNM will confimr with administration, but goal is remain at WCMC until Monday and DC to Kessler .  Onsite coordinated for 2/22 afternoon 
Email from DCS:  confirmed remain at WCMC with transfer to Kessler on Monday 
Call to Cm WCMC, S. Slutsky:  apprised of auth for remain at WCMC with transfer to Kessler on 2/25.  Will finalzie transportation 
Call to T. Potter re 2/25 admit, final coordination completed 
ONISTE WCMC 
Travel 
Miles  
Parking 
Review WCMC medical records 
Comprehensive update to adjustor/mcu nurse regarding onsite and forward PMT 
Emails to CSC forwarded regarding transportation and hotel 
Review of final version OP PR 
Attepmted call to mom, vm full 
Call to Kessler:  IW arrived early afternoon, assessments being completed,  Dr. Jasey provided initial consult.  Kessler CM needs to be assigned, PNM to call in am CM dept to receive contact 
VM left for CM dept.  Call returned and IW CM:   
Call to T. Potter:  reviewed admission, no issues from her end.  Did touch base with family, and CM to introduce self today.  Single room may be available 2/27, and will transfer IW to that room if available.  NO extra charge.  Onstie coordinated 
Onstie Kessler 
VM to/from Kessler neuropsych departement requesting auth.  VM returned and requested fax 
Call from Kessler neuropsych department, Jennifer:   requesting auth for consult,provided fax for authorization.  Agreed for consult and if tx recommended will send additional auth pending receipt of report 
PNF sent to neuropscyh Kessler 
Uploaded to ECL:  1/21 d/c sum, 1/13 TC notes, 1/30 Tcnotes, 1/31 PR Seliger, 2/4 TC notes, 2/20 Report, 2/22 CT, 2/22 Labs + Meds 
Update adjusotr forward to PMT with above medicals attached (minus TC notes) 
VM left for CM, K. Bernard at Kessler 
Email to T Potter to apprise of family satisfaction and thanks for support 
VM back/forth CM, K Bernard at Kessler 
Call from K. Bernard, cm Kessler:  onsite for 3/5 coordianted.  Requested neurosurgeon to follow at Kessler vs Dr. Mohan (per faily and Mohan agreeement), and discussed need for neuro-opthomology consult.  Will discuss with Dr. Jasey.  Agreed to fax recent consults/medicals to PNM.   
Call from K. Bernard, cm Kesseler:  attempted to faxx4 without success.  Will scan and email 
CAT/KC 
Review of medicals from Kessler 
Email from K. Bernard to apprise neuro-op scheudled for 3/15, and Dr. Jasey requesting visual evoked response dx testing by Dr. Cole. 
Email to Dr. Adams to request his opinion 
Email to Kessler K. Bernard:  confirmed Dr. Vicci neuro-opthomologist vs opthomologist, and onsite for 3/5 confirmed 
Call to Mom:  remains pleased with Kessler/rehab team.  Minimal change in cognitive status.  Apprised of consult by neuro-opthomologist, encouraged to reach out psychologist of counseling/education at Kessler, encouraged to get involved in BIA support group meetings.  Discussed discharge plans post Kessler home and/or sub-acute.  Agreed with goal to return home, and open to home modifications.  Agreed to meet PNM and architect per Traveler's to discuss home modification needs at their home, ASAP.  Support and education offered 
Email to Traveler's to request coordination for home eval for home mod 
OP PR 
Call from MOM:  inquiring regarding CT as requestd by Dr. Mohan after one week if minmal cognitive changes.  Also requested letter from Dr. Jasey needed for personal bank issue stating hospitalized in MCS. Spent lots of time discussing status, ongoing acute rehab, slow progess, and education offered with support.  Rediscussed hom evaluation andcontinues to agree to proceed 
Onsite Kessler 
Travel 
Miles 
Call to Tech health to coordinate tranportation to st. Barnabus for CT 
VM left K Bernard to apprise of transportaion 
Call to mom:  discussed current cognitive status with eduation regading reliabililty.  Updated regarding CT on 3/6 with CD to be overnighted to Dr. Mohan for review.  Apprised Dr. Jasey recommendation to return to Dr. Mohan if further reprogramming recommended, than to discharge from service.  Neurosurgeon after dc from service will than provide consult at Kessler.  In agreement to proceed as discussed.  Apprised IW dad will be attending support group TBI held at Kessler 3/6!  Encouraged mom to attend as well 
Call from St. Barnabus  outpatient center to coordiante CT scan.  Fax info provided for auth form 
PNF sent to St. Barnabus outpatient center 
Call from K. Bernard:  CT completed, will  overnight to neurosurgeon once Dr. Jasey reviewed.  Requesting confirmation of mailing address , provided. 
Call from David Corey Company:  the individual to perform the onsite for modifications is out this week, unlikely to schedule for next week.  She will call mom to introduce self and start the process  PNM emphasized the need of expediency.  Laura requested copy of functional assessment for Corey to review prior to onsite 
Update to mcu specialist, M. Dufault + M. Coleman regarding contact from D. C. Company and onsite for home modification assessment/forward to PMT 
Call from Dr. Cole office, Kristen:  evoked potential EMG scheduled for 3/8 and requesting authorization.  Fax number provided 
PNF sent to Dr. Cole  
Email to/from Dr. Coles' office regarding billing information, mailing addresses, and fax #'s 
Email to K. Bernard, Kessler, to request  recent medicals 
Comprehensive update to MCU/ajdustor and forward to PMT 
